Introducing new Cluster Group Affinity Rule commands (#3570)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/failoverclusters/Add-ClusterGroupToAffinityRule.md

---
description: Add-ClusterGroupToAffinityRule
external help file: ClusterAffinityRule.cdxml-help.xml
Module Name: FailoverClusters
ms.date: 07/27/2023
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/failoverclusters/add-clustergrouptoaffinityrule?view=windowsserver2022-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
title: Add-ClusterGroupToAffinityRule
---

# Add-ClusterGroupToAffinityRule

## SYNOPSIS
Adds a cluster group to an affinity rule.

## SYNTAX

### Query (cdxml) (Default)

```
Add-ClusterGroupToAffinityRule [[-Name] <String[]>] [-Groups] <String[]>
 [-CimSession <CimSession[]>] [-ThrottleLimit <Int32>] [-AsJob] [-PassThru] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### InputObject (cdxml)

```
Add-ClusterGroupToAffinityRule -InputObject <CimInstance[]> [-Groups] <String[]>
[-CimSession <CimSession[]>] [-ThrottleLimit <Int32>] [-AsJob] [-PassThru] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> Adds a cluster group to a named affinity rule.

Reviewer: Can we extend this description? Currently, it's the same as the synopsis.

## EXAMPLES

> ### Example 1

Reviewer: Missing descriptive name for the example.

```powershell
Add-ClusterGroupToAffinityRule -Groups MyGroup -Name MyRule -Cluster MyCluster
```

> This example adds the group named MyGroup to the affinity rule named MyRule on the cluster named.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example adds the group named `MyGroup` to the affinity rule named `MyRule` on the cluster named `MyCluster`.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob

Runs the cmdlet as a background job. Use this parameter to run commands that take a long time to
complete.

The cmdlet immediately returns an object that represents the job and then displays the command
prompt. You can continue to work in the session while the job completes. To manage the job, use the
`*-Job` cmdlets. To get the job results, use the
[Receive-Job](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113372) cmdlet.

> For more information about Windows PowerShell background jobs, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about PowerShell background jobs, see
```

[about_Jobs](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113251).

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CimSession

Runs the cmdlet in a remote session or on a remote computer. Enter a computer name or a session
object, such as the output of a [New-CimSession](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=227967)
or [Get-CimSession](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=227966) cmdlet. The default is the
current session on the local computer.

```yaml
Type: CimSession[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Session

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Groups

This list of groups to be added to the affinity rule.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject

> Specifies the input object that is used in a pipeline command.

Reviewer: Can we specify more information about the input object for the user?

```yaml
Type: CimInstance[]
Parameter Sets: InputObject (cdxml)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name

> The Affinity rule in question that groups will be added to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Affinity rule to add the groups to.
```

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: Query (cdxml)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru

Returns an object representing the item with which you are working. By default, this cmdlet doesn't

> generate any output.

Reviewer: Can this be more descriptive of the output object and include its type for the user?

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ThrottleLimit

Specifies the maximum number of concurrent operations that can be established to run the cmdlet. If

> this parameter is omitted or a value of `0` is entered, then Windows PowerShell&reg; calculates an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this parameter is omitted or a value of `0` is entered, then PowerShell calculates an
```

optimum throttle limit for the cmdlet based on the number of CIM cmdlets that are running on the
computer. The throttle limit applies only to the current cmdlet, not to the session or to the
computer.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable,
-InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose,
-WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see
[about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String[]

### Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimInstance[]

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimInstance

> ### Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.CimInstance#root/MSCLUSTER/MSCluster_AffinityRule

Reviewer: Can we add descriptions for these types, when and how they're used and returned?
